extension/storage/README.md, before:

# Storage

A storage extension persists state beyond the collector process. Other components can request a storage client from the storage extension and use it to manage state. 

The `storage.Extension` interface extends `component.Extension` by adding the following method:
```
GetClient(context.Context, component.Kind, config.ComponentID, string) (Client, error)
```

The `storage.Client` interface contains the following methods:
```
Get(context.Context, string) ([]byte, error)
Set(context.Context, string, []byte) error
Delete(context.Context, string) error
Close(context.Context) error
```

As well as their batch counterparts (executed in a single transaction):
```
GetBatch(context.Context, []string) ([][]byte, error)
SetBatch(context.Context, map[string][]byte) error
DeleteBatch(context.Context, []string) error
```

Note: All methods should return error only if a problem occurred. (For example, if a file is no longer accessible, or if a remote service is unavailable.)

Note: It is the responsibility of each component to `Close` a storage client that it has requested.

Commit message:

Replace Get/Set/DeleteBatch with single method

extension/storage/README.md, after:

# Storage

A storage extension persists state beyond the collector process. Other components can request a storage client from the storage extension and use it to manage state. 

The `storage.Extension` interface extends `component.Extension` by adding the following method:
```
GetClient(context.Context, component.Kind, config.ComponentID, string) (Client, error)
```

The `storage.Client` interface contains the following methods:
```
Get(context.Context, string) ([]byte, error)
Set(context.Context, string, []byte) error
Delete(context.Context, string) error
Close(context.Context) error
```

It is possible to execute several operations in a single transaction via `BatchOp`. The method takes 
two collections as arguments:
* list of keys for which the values are retrieved and returned,
* a map, which specifies the key/value pairs that are going to be updated; when a value is `nil`, the key is deleted. 
```
BatchOp(context.Context, []string, map[]string[]byte) ([][]byte, error)
```

Note: All methods should return error only if a problem occurred. (For example, if a file is no longer accessible, or if a remote service is unavailable.)

Note: It is the responsibility of each component to `Close` a storage client that it has requested.
